[Music]
so we often get the question how does
one get in the right position for a
chest press I'm gonna make it look easy
you're gonna need to practice this a
little bit
I'm not intentionally making it look
easy I just do it every other day
because I follow the program and I've
been doing it over three years so it's
okay if you've got to try this a couple
of times but watch the video very
carefully because there's a lot of
little nuances so I'm just going to take
a black band and we're gonna hook it
hook it on the bar like this so normal
position so you want to start by
grabbing not the bar but the band so
everybody see that this is a triangle
now I'm gonna grab it with I do it with
my right arm I'm gonna put it over my
head and I'm gonna get it crossbody so
that it's parallel with you know how my
body is so it's it's I got as much slack
here as here so crossbody we all got
that now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
take this side the upper side and drop
it down so that the band is in between
the deltoid and the tricep so it's in
this position it's in a correct position
on the left side of my body you're right
now I'm gonna drop the other arm through
and I'm ready to do it it's just sitting
right in position so all I have to do
now is grab ahold of the bar and push
away from myself now
I also keep constant tension you notice
how I don't go slack at the bottom like
this so to do it right you keep tension
on it which is actually going to
stimulate more muscle growth so just
push away from yourself and keep
constant tension until you can't do any
reps anymore